# Alzheimer_Imaging_Classification_Neural_Network
With the growth of population being influenced by Alzheimer's Disease, early identification of Alzheimer’s Disease becomes increasingly necessary. Empowered by Convolutional Neural Network, the article proposes multiple classifiers which automatically discriminates patients between Alzheimer’s Disease (AD), Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI), and elderly controls (CN) groups. Each patient’s structural Magnetic Resonance Imaging (sMRI) scans is adopted from ADNI database with 864 distinct patients in total. Skull stripping and further segmentation is applied on the original 3D sMRI so that gray matter area in each hippocampus, being known as the area that strongly correlates to Alzheimer’s Disease, is extracted for future analyzation. Normalization and standardization are then applied on the data. Furthermore, to avoid volumetric distracting computations, the paper adopts a 2-D+ approach for data preprocessing, in which only 1 slice from each of the three dimensions is inputted in the network as the best representation of all slices in the dimension. Weighted cross entropy loss function is adopted. Overfitting is avoided by monitoring the trend of validation loss. The network constitutes of Convolutional Neural Network, Relu, Max Pooling, and Linear layers. An overall accuracy of 100% is achieved by the classifier of AD and CN; an overall accuracy of 75.4% is achieved by the classifier of AD, CN, and MCI. Specifically, the accuracy in 3 types classifier for AD is highlighted to be 100%, implying the classifier's great ability in distinguishing AD from CN and MCI. 
